en: update safe mode description (#454)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/glossary.md

The process of using the TiDB Data Migration tool to copy the **incremental data** of the upstream database to the downstream database.

In the case of clearly mentioning "incremental", use replicate/replication instead of migrate/migration.

## S

### Safe mode

Safe mode is the mode in which DML statements can be imported more than once when the primary key or unique index exists in the table schema. In this mode, some statements from the upstream are migrated to the downstream only after they are re-written. The `INSERT` statement is re-written as `REPLACE`; the `UPDATE` statement is re-written as `DELETE` and `REPLACE`.

> This mode is enabled in the follow situations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mode is enabled in any of the following situations:
```

> - TiDB DM automatically enables the safe mode for 5 minutes after the incremental replication task is started or resumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TiDB DM automatically enables the safe mode within 5 minutes immediately after the incremental replication task is started or resumed.
```

- The safe mode remains enabled when the `safe-mode` parameter in the task configuration file is set to `true`.

> - If the argument `--consistency none` is configured in the Dumpling processing unit of a full migration task, it cannot be determined whether the changes of binlog files happened at the beginning of the export affect the exported data or not. Therefore, the safe mode remains enabled for the incremental replication of these binlog files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the argument `--consistency none` is configured for the dump processing unit of a full migration task, it cannot be determined whether the binlog changes at the beginning of the export affect the exported data or not. Therefore, the safe mode remains enabled for the incremental replication of these binlog files.
```

Reviewer 2: last words "binlog files" could be "binlog changes" or "binlog positions". A file is too large, containing many binglog positions.

Author: In en/task-configuration-file-full.md, this processing unit is called Dumpling processing unit. Also see https://github.com/pingcap/docs-dm/pull/430/files.

Reviewer: Refer to [the glossary](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-data-migration/v2.0/glossary#dump-processing-unit). The usage should be consistent and "dump processing unit".

Reviewer: Can you help update the inconsistent usage? @CharLotteiu

Author: Sure. 💪🏻
